Data Jobs Monitoring - Update Databricks init script (#22329)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

1. [Configure the Datadog-Databricks integration](#configure-the-datadog-databricks-integration) with your Databricks API token.
1. [Install the Datadog Agent](#install-the-datadog-agent-on-your-databricks-clusters) on your Databricks cluster(s).

### Configure the Datadog-Databricks integration

1. In your Databricks workspace, go to **Settings** > **Developer**. Next to **Access tokens**, click **Manage**.
1. Click **Generate new token**, enter a comment, and click **Generate**. Take note of your token.
1. In Datadog, open the Databricks integration tile.
1. On the **Configure** tab, click **Add New**.
1. Enter a workspace name, your Databricks workspace URL, and the Databricks token you generated.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-token.png" alt="In the Datadog-Databricks integration tile, a Databricks workspace is displayed. This workspace has a name, URL, and API token." style="width:100%;" >}}

### Install the Datadog Agent on your Databricks cluster(s)

> Use the following init script:
> - [Install the Datadog Agent][8]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following init script will install the Datadog Agent on the cluster:
- [`datadog_databricks_job_monitoring_init.sh`][8]
```

When I read this I thought it linked to a docs page. Maybe adding the script filename will make it more obvious this is actually the script to copy?

Author: Agree this is clearer, updated it

You can choose to install the Agent globally, or on a specific Databricks cluster.

> 

Reviewer: I found this part a bit confusing – I first went to the Compute section on the Databricks side nav not the Admin Settings. Maybe the steps can be stated more explicitly?

1. In Databricks, click your **display name** (email address) in the upper right corner of the page.
1. Select **Admin Settings**.
1. In the Settings list of sections, select **Workspace Admin** > **Compute**.
1. In the **All purpose clusters** section, next to **Global init scripts**, click **Manage**.
1. Click **Add**. Name your script. Then, in the **Script** field, copy and paste the init script [`datadog_databricks_job_monitoring_init.sh`][8]. 
...

Author: I agree those might not be very straightforward and Databricks is not very verbose about it neither https://docs.databricks.com/en/init-scripts/global.html#add-a-global-init-script-using-the-ui

Added a slight change from `Settings` -> `Admin Settings` but do you think we should more descriptive than databricks ?

Reviewer 2: I like Joe's suggestion. Let's be more explicit to help users who might not be as familiar with the Databricks console.

1. Enter a workspace name, your Databricks workspace URL, and the Databricks token you generated.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-token.png" alt="In the Datadog-Databricks integration tile, a Databricks workspace is displayed. This workspace has a name, URL, and API token." style="width:100%;" >}}

### Install the Datadog Agent on your Databricks cluster(s)

The following init script will install the Datadog Agent on the cluster:
- [`datadog_databricks_job_monitoring_init.sh`][8]

You can choose to install the Agent globally, or on a specific Databricks cluster.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Global init (Recommended)" %}}
1. In Databricks, go to **Admin Settings** > **Compute**. In the **All purpose clusters** section, next to **Global init scripts**, click **Manage**.
1. Click **Add**. Name your script. Then, in the **Script** field, copy and paste the init script.
1. To enable the script for all new and restarted clusters, toggle **Enabled**.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/toggle.png" alt="Databricks UI, admin settings, global init scripts. A script called 'install-datadog-agent' is in a list with an enabled toggle." style="width:100%;" >}}
1. Click **Add**.

> #### Add your Datadog API key in Databricks

Reviewer 2: It was confusing reading the header for this section as "Add your Datadog API key in Databricks" and separately "set the init script parameters". These are really just one step: "Set the required init script parameters", of which API key is one of them.

Also
1. For API key specifically, we should link to /organization-settings/api-keys to tell them they can go there in app to get this or create a dedicated on.
2. We should make a callout to make sure the DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE matches the value set up in the config for the Databricks Integration Tile for that namespace.

   - Under **Init script path**, enter the path to your init script.
   - Click **Add**.

> #### Add your Datadog API key in Databricks

Reviewer 2: See my comment above for this in the global case. Same should apply to cluster specific, though maybe we call it "Environment Variables" to align with Databricks UI instead of int script params

1. In Databricks, on the cluster configuration page, click the **Advanced options** toggle.
1. At the bottom of the page, go to the **Spark** tab.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-databricks-cluster-init-script.png" alt="Databricks UI, cluster configuration advanced options, Spark tab. A textbox titled 'Environment variables' contains values for DD_API_KEY and DD_SITE." style="width:100%;" >}}

   In the **Environment variables** textbox, provide the values for the init script parameters.
1. Click **Confirm**.

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> ### Init script parameters

Reviewer 2: I don't like that this is a completely different section from the init script params section above in each setup option. I think we should just list these in context there so users can easily see all the options they should set.

Author: Move it to the section above

Provide the following parameters to the init script:

```text
export DD_API_KEY=<YOUR API KEY>
export DD_SITE={{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}
export DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE=<YOUR WORKSPACE NAME>
```

> Optionally, you can also set other init script parameters and Datadog environment variables here, such as `DD_ENV` and `DD_SERVICE`. The script can be configured using the following parameters:

Reviewer: In the script itself, the format of the optional parameters might be a bit awkward for folks not used to bash. Maybe a formatting similar to the DD agent config yaml files can be used, where to enable the setting the user can uncomment it and set the value to true? 

```bash
## Optional parameters - boolean - default: false
## Setting any of these options to "true" will enable the respective
## telemetry to be collected
# export DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED=false
# export DD_PROFILING_ENABLED=false
# export DRIVER_LOGS_ENABLED=false
# export WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED=false
```

Author: Agreed, changed it to this

```bash
## Optional parameters - boolean - default: false
## Setting any of these options to "true" will enable the respective telemetry to be collected
# export DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED=false
# export DD_PROFILING_ENABLED=false
# export DRIVER_LOGS_ENABLED=false
# export WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED=false
```

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      | Default |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| DD_API_KEY               | Your [Datadog API key][3]                                                                                                                                        |         |
| DD_SITE                  | Your [Datadog site][5]                                                                                                                                           |         |
| DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE     | Name of your Databricks Workspace. It should match the name provided in the [Datadog-Databricks integration step](#configure-the-datadog-databricks-integration) |         |

> | DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED | To enable monitoring of processes using Datadog's process agent                                                                                                  | false   |

Reviewer 2: Let's remove `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED` and `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED` from this list for now. I don't want to make it look like this product supports these yet (why not list other agent/tracer settings/config etc.) and there might be pricing/packaging around these capabilities in the future.
